Goku responds to Dallas and calls him an
idiot in his latest Stream ibai gets
mad at Goku and criticizes him for his
complaints about the evening auronplay
questioned at customs in his country
for having ordered a package in the name of
Pablo Escobar Dallas exposes Germán's deception
that would have been promoting
scams to his followers superholly
Explains the stress he is under and the
illness he suffers from grefg insults
gemita in a YouTube video auronplay
complains again about the
Movistar news and affirms that he is negotiating
with Kick el chocas gives his opinion on
auron's negotiations in Kick Dallas gets
angry with Ayton's alleged victim
Gameplay Borjas Escalona has a debate
with the famous tiktoker churumbell and El
Rubius gives his opinion on inclusive language
all this and much more here on your
favorite channel It's the ceo make yourself comfortable and
enjoy the gossip don't forget to stay
tuned that at any moment of the
video I will be giving you a video game you
will have a code that you can redeem if
you are very attentive and if you want to be the
first every  day to find out when I
upload a video subscribe by activating the
bell in the last video you almost got it you
almost got it but
we need a little more I need
absolutely everyone who is
watching This video absolutely
everyone who is watching This video to give it a
Like Now get comfortable And enjoy
the single
in its last live the blond was
commenting What is your opinion regarding
inclusive language it is a topic that
here in Spain at least I don't know in
other countries it is always
constantly causing quite a bit of controversy and a
great exchange of opinions especially
because the majority of people think that it
is unnecessary as well as ridiculous another
day without reading me and Half and another day
farm animal The other day and that
poetry why Because you can't have
such a basic opinion as that
inclusive language makes you cringe I can
use it whoever wants I can let everyone be
free that's the magic of this and what
should be beautiful is that everyone does
what they want with their life without imposing
their things on other people you know but
if you want to do it go ahead use
inclusive language all you want
but I'm not going to do it  now he's free
to do whatever he wants live his life
how he wants and that's as much for me as it is
for the rest of the people and so it should be
as it could not be otherwise
evidently there is a certain sector of
Twitter that right now is burning
a voodoo doll of Rubius at the stake in the
last few hours a
quite powerful and quite funny debate has taken place
between the famous tiktoker churumbel and
Borja Escalona both during the entire
live they have been shouting at each other and
challenging each other to fight I don't know if it will finally be
made official but it is assumed that they have
arranged to fight legally in
a gypsy fight that you accept the
fight here
on Sunday
[Music]
in his last live coscu has been
mentioning some issues
about the evening and he was stating that
the rumor that he
is affected by the funa that they are
doing to him is completely false that
if he were to leave the evening That at the
moment these are not his plans it would not be
because he cared about what some idiot said to him
in a video because people
think that to me a video of an
idiot is what  It affects me, do you
think that's it? You don't know the
things that happened to me that I didn't
tell. Friend, you don't know the things that
happened to me and I'm not going to tell them.
Neither because I got tired when I
was 20 years old I told everything, everything, everything, everything, everything, everything, everything, everything,
everything, but no longer, I am not going to expose my
family, I am not going to expose my private life,
my privacy is very far from being what
you think it is that you
think affects me and that
all the tiktok come out. Look how affected he is, he is
going to get off the evening. I am not
going to get off a damn thing from the evening
because I have a really
clear conscience and whoever knows me knows it. And he
also has a clear conscience
about me, that's why people keep seeing
me, that's why he also claims that
all these things that are being said about
him are lies, apparently because
people have invented the photo and they have
invented what he said in that deletion
and he says that he is never going to enter the
fray of giving explanations again that you do not
want to expose his family or his
privacy that no  he's not going to get off
the evening because he has a
clear conscience that with all
this that's being said about him, he hasn't
lost promotions or contacts or
collaborations or anything like that, it
hasn't affected him at all. And that all the
streamers who are supporting him
support him because they know that he really hasn't
done anything and is simply a
young man who has had very bad luck
several times in life. I still have
everything I had, it didn't change anything for me that they
invent things about me. I'm tired of
people thinking or thinking that I
have problems on the internet, man, I
turned on the camera and started talking and
then I realized that I had
talked a lot and that left me
very exposed but that's how I am and I'm always
going to be real. I tell you the truth and
these things that I went through that some of us can
tell and others not because of the judgment and that's why I
tell them because sometimes I
feel like I can't give more and that people out
there at home think, this guy
has it and is down again, coco down and it's
true, my last times after I
met Messi are always down and I
ask your forgiveness for that. If I had
been a  son of a [ __ ] I can assure you
that I would not have had those problems I would have
cursed everyone I would not have
trusted anyone and you know
why everyone who knows me supports me, I
mean I talk about the scene of
intimate people Because those people know all the
internal things, they know all the things that I
went through and that I am still the same person
with all the bathers who are streamers and who
have exposure and that people
make things up and that everyone talks
about their life and that everyone tells them
if what they do is right or wrong and
everyone judges them they are the
first ones who know that if that
bad luck happens to you that I had one after the
other one after the other and I tell you again I don't give
a [ __ ] I don't want to attract
pity in a bad streak and shitty
things keep happening to me
shitty things keep happening to me It seems that
one of the creators who were
watching this live and listening to
Coco's words was eBay who was
reacting to some other things that
Coscu was saying about the evening
other things and goes and says that he doesn't think the
participants are going  having to
take off the helmet at his evening that if
they did that it would become a sport a
sporting event instead of an
entertainment event and that they would most likely
put an age restriction on them to see
the helmet issue I know that there are many of you
who like the spectacle and that you
like the madness of fighting without a helmet and with
other types of gloves at a legislative level
I think that it could change the evening
quite a bit to say maybe it would no longer be
considered a spectacle event or a
show as such and it would become a
sporting event boxing with the consequences that
that entails and that entails no
then another thing that happens without a helmet It's that
here everyone now suddenly
is very brave without a helmet the reality is
that if virus and so lao fight without a helmet
that fight will last 35 seconds they
tell me that without a helmet it's OK the
boxers are OK and everything is okay I do
n't care at all you have that I
have some kind of problem in
what lao will I be hit without a helmet Oh of
course at no time goes and virus
refused to fight with a helmet against so lao
here sandor says that  virus in his day
Many mainly Argentinians I
understand and Chileans called him a coward
because he did not want to fight without a helmet because
when Lau proposed it we should
fight without a helmet they told him that he was a
coward because in theory virus
had kind of hinted that he did not want to
So of course now there is an evening in
London without a helmet he makes a cape and they
supposedly win this guy does not dare to
fight without a helmet when it turns out that not
only does he dare but on top of that he has
done it in an evening that is not even in his
country and on top of that he has won coscu says without a
helmet Come on virus you rejected me and on the
other hand he had commenting that he had
found out that Goku had been in his
live complaining that
By virus's coach at the evening was part of
the organization of the evening itself Only I ca
n't stand it and I'm going to say it on
Stream because I don't have hairs on my
tongue what I can't stand is those
indirect things about fighting without gloves and things
like that because chelao is the first to say
yes go ahead I want without gloves Yes go ahead 5
round 6 round is the first not even
forward and then what the  rule
are them because sandor who is
virus's coach is involved let's say
in the rules, I mean I don't like those things I don't like them I
feel that
momo had to suffer them and that
those comments are not fair under his breath no do
n't be That's why I answered sandor let
's go He comes out with his face completely
red and with a broken nose And
suddenly they tell you that he is a robot they
tell you that he is a real robot I don't
understand we have to try to be a little
more objective really supposedly
coscu made a live as if spreading
[ __ ] that he was part of the
Organization of that I don't know what I don't know
how many It seems that with this he would be
insinuating that by virus was to have
some kind of advantage and this was going and
clarifying that well the coach can be
whoever it is but he does not receive any kind of
benefit whether he is part of the organization or
not whoever wins He was also
telling him that if he wants an
Argentine referee to be brought in, it won't be
like last year with momo that momo
was blaming the referee for his Well
then, they should bring in
Argentine referees if it suits me  maybe
whoever wins really all I
want is for the show to be as
good as possible I don't give a damn
whoever wins I'm telling you the truth I don't give a
damn Auron was
commenting on one of his anecdotes And it is that
the little things they do are not very
normal It turns out that the guy goes and
places an order specifically for a
computer mouse a mouse and he can't think of anything
else to do than to put his last name
Escobar Gaviria instead of his
real name he says that that day he woke up
quite naughty and it felt like it
is what happens is that they call him from
customs because the last names matched those of
the drug trafficker Pablo Escobar and the thing is that
the last names match those of the drug trafficker Pablo Escobar and the thing is that the last names match those of the
alarm lists and at customs they
have to check the package to
let it through Auron comments that he
made up that his nephew had played
a joke on him and that it would not happen again
And of course he claims that
this nonsense will not happen again which is that I do not
know that he does it turns out that well I
bought this mouse okay And it just
arrived okay or  on a website the typical website
of electronic components and
computer stuff okay two days ago I
was funny I guess I had
eaten a clown that day and of
course they tell you the name here who
this package is addressed to and I can't think of anything
else to put Javier Escobar
Gaviria I do
n't know why I thought of putting that
name I mean let's see I can't put Pablo
Escobar Gaviria because then
a joke will appear and they won't send me
the package Javier Escobar Gaviria and it
's not a joke they called me from customs
this morning to tell me why that
patient was named Javier Escobar
Gaviria and I had to be
ashamed to tell them that it was
a joke and that my nephew had
taken my cell phone and that it won't
happen again I had to use
the nephew excuse I used the
nephew excuse the same one you give me
here in the chat When someone comes to me and
says aura suck my [ __ ] and then
says No it wasn't my nephew forgive me
auron well I had to use the
nephew excuse Hello good we arrived here at
customs a package in the name of Javier
Escobar Gaviria and of course at that
moment I said Javier Escobar Gaviria
and I Ah let me explain Look, let me
tell you, my nephew took me and changed
the username of the page where I
order components, of course we
had seen this surname,
alarms have gone off and I don't No, really, it won't happen
again Javier Escobar Gaviria
man, [ __ ], never put that name
on a package, eh, it came out brown eh No, no,
seriously, a little more and the police come to
my house eh, [ __ ], I think about it, I say, I have some
idiotic things, of course, that arrives at
customs, man, and the police say, but okay, what
is this? What is a relative
of that person? Well, we'll have to
investigate it. I'm a real idiot, those are
things, yes, 34 years old, my children, I know,
but the thing is, I'm an idiot, I'm an
idiot in another order of things, you
know that lately, auronplays has
been complaining a lot about the
news that appears on the
Movistar website, Movistar is joining the
gossip, just like others
digital media and they are releasing
false news about youtubers you know I
take advantage of the spam that we
have our own gossip page
mi chavalería.com there you will often find out
about the news before
here look because it is faster today
auron has complained about this again and
has asked those at Movistar to
release more objective news and to
stop putting sensationalist titles on the
other hand I was talking about the
negotiations with Kick And on this
occasion I don't know if you will remember that there was
an image that he shared that we
were already Here giving exclusively the
meaning of that image with the two
doors one purple and one red because
there were people who had made with one I
imagine that with an
artificial intelligence or with an image editor or
whatever this image was not posted by him a
photograph where they added another door there was
the purple one there was the red one and in the
middle the green one this image that circulated in
its day has been taken by kit who is lately
found from his accounts
trying to attract new profiles he
starts playing jokes and memes on  the
creators in short more or less are
advertising and through their
official Twitter accounts they are capturing and
negotiating with the creators which is what
happens the official Kick account
shared this about the doors and
Auron has come out to clarify something that we
all suspected for
several because it was seen coming but it was
seen coming it's not that
from the first moment you can see his
attitude and it is clear that he wants to
negotiate with Kick at least to
test out what they offer him no Auron
would be stating that what he is
offering him tweets is very far
from what he intends to achieve So
I would dare to sign that he
is much closer to Kick for sure
the official Kick account goes and puts this
makes the right decision This is not a
joke it is the official account and this I admit
that it is my fault the issue of the doors was
an idea of ​​mine that I had for myself because it was
funny like let's see what will
happen the future is uncertain but of
course this is seen that the issue of the
doors has arrived here I have not
sent it to him you do not know the creators  I'm not
going to give names, they've come to
ask me what's going to happen What are you going to do
when and can I go I mean you don't know how
many creators have
written to me The future is uncertain but
promising the truth is at least you know
what the doors were No, I
hadn't told you it was logical but I
hadn't said it but Kick just
gave a spoiler you'll flip out the purple one is Twitch the red one is YouTube But they have added the green one that I hadn't even put on it because I don't know what's going to happen here we are still in negotiations
and they are taking longer than expected I mean
my intention What was it you
know to stay on Twitch and Twitch thinks
something is going on and I think I'm worth x until
we reach an intermediate letter there is
no agreement of course let me know more I know the
product that I am I know what the
product costs and I'm not going to sell it to you much
cheaper but it's not to Twitch or anyone else I
mean either you pay for it or you don't have it it's that there is
no more it's that simple
damn if I'm worth x you can't offer me Ah it's
coming for me tomorrow  tiktok with 5
million and I tell them thanks but I'm not
interested There are things and things I'm not
interested in tiktok I don't have a mania for the
platform I don't disgust it surely they
are good people but it's
that direct on tiktok No thanks no no no
no I like something like YouTube
like Twitch something this format of with your
obs your chat well I
have limits I have limits and the heart
makes you adapt that if you have to
lower your salary you lower it but man
I'm not an idiot either there comes a time you
say let's see swallow I swallow low I lower
but don't take me for a fool because
then I get angry And I'm going to Saudi
how is Messi going to be Here I am going to add
a little bit of personal opinion and it is that
as I have been telling you every time we
discuss this news I do
notice a certain
inclination and a certain interest in Auron he
has played around he has not thrown the
rod and has let himself be loved so that those
of Kick are negotiating with him I think it is
quite clear to Auron that he
is  hoping they make him a good
offer first to counter
Twitch to see if they are able to match it
to put pressure on him and get a raise for
Auro himself. He has often mentioned
that this is a strategy that
streamers use a lot when
the end of their contract is approaching and on the other
hand, the kit works very well.
We are going to extremes there at the same
time as on YouTube and it works
wonderfully, it runs super fluid, it is super
pretty, it is literally a copy of
Twitch And if they suddenly offer you a
tremendous amount of money, I think it
is a golden opportunity for
Auron to maybe take advantage of
his last season in the world of
streaming in that way and sincerely I see it as very
normal sincerely I see it as very normal
another indirect thing that I think
you have not noticed here and that is going
very unnoticed. I know that Auron,
like we do a lot, from time to time
changes the microphone sponge
colors but I find it quite curious
that these days while
this is being discussed, they have put the
green sponge and I am not hiding anything from you, I
mean, I don't know what is going to happen
here  I continue but we are in negotiations
and they are taking longer than expected and that's it and there's no more it's just that no no I
can't tell you anything bad the truth is I can't
say anything more we are we are on it let
God want what
comes be pleasant for everyone that
we have a good time and that it is a step forward
and not a step back that's it are greater
wishes for myself and not a mini homeland or
filiation holy spirit well in another
order of things the topic of the day I believe
was last night's video of da la review
against Germán it is a video that has been
expected for a few weeks now
Dallas already posted a tweet in its day here we
clarify that the Twin had nothing to
do with Nothing personal of his it's that there were already a
lot of people who were already imagining
things about his life about his trials or
about his move and what was expected in
this video from Germán I have to
admit that I was surprised by the
content that I imagined that he was going to be
called a hypocrite and this type of
things not to throw old things in his face
whatever but I did not imagine that the
level was going to be what we saw last night  I
recommend that you watch the entire video,
the video is very long, it lasts an hour, but
as the minutes go by,
the level goes up and you find
a new surprise, the most summarized thing I
can explain to you is that Germán on his
Instagram account is sponsoring
these days, currently, in
recent weeks, you know the typical
Instagram account of the typical guy who pretends to be a
millionaire and appears there with a lot of
money, with luxury clothes, with
luxury houses, luxury cars, he has seven Ferraris
and the guy promotes his
Telegram account from where he orders the
trading movements that you have to
make, let's say the typical accounts that are
just as shameless as when they send you
an email from a supposed woman who has
terminal cancer and is hyper-
mega-millionaire but has no family to
give the money to and wants it
from you, well, Germán is promoting an
account of a guy like that, okay, so Germán
is literally promoting something
that, in addition, during the
investigation that Dalas does in his video,
not only does he contact this
supposed turkey but he also
registers, it shows that he
puts false data and they also serve him,
a lot have been found  of forums and a
ton of pages of people giving their opinion
on this same platform and it's
completely confirmed that it's a
scam that the money you put in there is
not only that you lose it but
also this that German would be promoting
a contract in which you sign
unconsciously or without knowing due to
ignorance an agreement of one two
point thousand which means that for
every dollar you lose you lose a thousand okay or
so it's [ __ ] crazy literally if you
fall for this platform and put a lot of
money in there you could ruin yourself for
life to the level of not only being
left without a home but not having
money to pay
for the mess you get into okay or so brutal the fight the best event and we hugged at the end incredible I expected a lot from you not only Thank you disappoint me if you didn't manage to do the biggest disappointment I've seen with an influencer in my entire life that I
expected it from others but from you I'm not going to look at
her Instagram and I'm going to show it to you without
commenting so
you can think about it and so you realize what's
going on after this
we talked for hours and I caught her  22
hours of being published which makes me
think how many times has he done this no
you know that I am not a
luxury car person or anything like that
But as you know I have been living
in Miami for a couple of months and here there are
luxury cars but everywhere
How does the story begin not talking about
if he lives in Miami that if they see
many luxury cars I don't know what then he
starts talking about this is freaking out
look how hard this is I found
the account of this bro named Fausto I'm
going to leave it here for you to
check it out he has a pink Mercedes but
beautiful beautiful go see it tell me
Give me your opinion Ah go check it out on
Fausto's Telegram Channel
I always keep you all up to date on the
scams that influencers are dedicated
to the garbage that they are
dedicated to promoting and what you are
seeing here is a scam What's up friends
here in the bathroom thinking about what I'm
going to have to buy this
week with all the profits we're going
to make Goodbye
how am I going to be able to spend my money this
week biggest concern the  shots are
not worth much more earnings than all the
other weeks
German, they paid you for that, how do you
lie like that, that's why I'm freaking out, I mean, this is what it's
worth This is what your
integrity is worth your morals are worth to me
personally It seems very strange to me that a
guy like that has fallen for promoting
something like this That's a mistake that
people can make when they dedicate themselves to this
and they make these types of
succulent offers no and he's just starting out and maybe he doesn't
understand the seriousness of the
matter or it's something a little more discreet
than that because I'm telling you that that
guy's account is very shameless it's
too shameless it's noticeable just like it's
a scam and the feeling I
get is that German has
financial problems this is a personal opinion
of course because really it's that he shouldn't
need this I mean he shouldn't
need it at all in the first place
all the millions of dollars that he must have
earned throughout the many years
that he has been working on the internet with the
success that he has had, the sponsorship that he
must have had throughout his career on
YouTube and the money that he is supposed to have
accumulated And currently  He
still makes quite a bit of money, he
has 60 million views on one of
his channels, it's true that I
was looking around yesterday, and probably half of them
are from shorts, which are monetized at barely
anything, but surely between 10 and 30 or
40,000 euros, no one can even
take them away from him monthly, that is, he still makes
a lot of money, what he needs is what they
paid him for that promo, I mean, we
're talking about what they could have
paid for, which is 4,000 or 5,000, with the
issue of the evening, basically the same thing
with the issue of the evening, what will
happen to him is that those who fight get
paid a lot of money, I don't know how much you
can earn with the evening
fighting. I know of other evenings, no, and I
've heard of other evenings with
less impact than Ibai's evening.
Maybe they pay the
fighters 20,000 euros, I imagine
that in this one, man, the cache will be
higher. I imagine in this one, no, then he'll
make a good amount with this
evening and it's not going to happen.  pronounce about the
concury thing he's going to get off that but come on not
even drunk wine in the last few hours
after uploading the video Well there are
people who are messing with Dallas
other people who have been
disappointed with Germán Dallas has posted
the following since yesterday when I posted how
evil Germán is many people started
sending me screenshots of other influencers
who also took money from
promoting this harmful scam in their
stories go to the scammer's profile
and go to followers there
the influencers will appear And by the way many of
these criminal influencers who need to be
reported please are already
unfollowing the scammer to
cover their tracks but luckily many
people sent me screenshots if you have
screenshots send them to me here soon video
So soon we will have a video of
Dallas commenting on all those
influencers who would have also
promoted this Kinder Egg as he
calls it No here we would have for example
natal Marian Obregón who promoted it up
to about 10 times
really smart to invest with
Fausto really fat I'm going to tell you
something I've been
working with this man for too long and I  I've
done incredibly He's smart he's sure
fat Yes but you have to listen
to Fausto, by listening to that
man, look what I earn daily Here I
leave you all the information and run
so you can earn money I
'm seeing that Carlos Feria also comes out
Nicole Figueroa and well we'll be
watching the video to see who is more And by the
way, something also
strong, very relevant Dallas at the end of
his video points out other things about Germán
like that he would have been collaborating with
Aiton Gameplay with this rebound and puts
a text in which he says the following I will
soon release a video on stardeos
telling details about Town's violin
because I got angry with the girl
because I was going to report until I
got him a lawyer and she didn't do it soon
more information and this is quite
strong and quite powerful no Because
many people are asking about this
issue in Town's case there are even
many people who say that well that
surely everything is a lie because Town
is not in jail and here we are
probably going to have a little more
knowledge of what has happened what will
that have become not the super youtuber
Holly is  a lady that I
really like, she seems like a
charming girl, as well as being very pretty, and she
dedicates her content to translations from
Spanish to English, she has very
nice content, she has very clean, very
interesting content, she is also successful on her
Facebook page and we have
talked about her here on occasion because she
had a problem with the Network in which
Dross also worked, in fact, at
that time we met and we
started following each other because we had a
problem with the mess of getting
verified on Twitter, which you can imagine how
old that is, she is not a very
hard-working girl who has also had that
controversy which was very unpleasant in her
life. When she recovered the money, I
remember that she gave it away to people, I don't
remember if she raffled it off, I'll tell
someone that she needed it but I know that she
gave it away. And today she has told a
rather dramatic part of her life that she has
had time for. It turns out that she has had
certain pains and certain discomforts
and certain health problems that have
led to a diagnosis of
arthritis. It seems that it took them a long
time to diagnose it and while
they were diagnosing it and not, well, she has been
having a really bad time suffering with the
pain and finally when she
found the treatment she feels
more stable and calmer and that same
night I sent the agreed money to
our cameraman asking him to
deliver some kind of Rav
Draft by Monday to show the client I spent my
weekend super calm
imagining all the progress I was
making and Monday afternoon came we
had agreed to deliver the
project which would typically be at 5
in the afternoon but six
arrived seven arrived 8 arrived and nothing was
delivered to us so well yes I
started to get stressed I said
show us something please so we know what you are
going to send to the client and when she
finally delivered it to us at 2 in the
morning venilla we were desperate it
was not even close to how it should be
to deliver it to the client So at
that moment
I felt stressed I felt it throughout my
body and I realized that I had to
take on the role of editor of
this video again because it was not going to happen any other
way the day before the trip when I
was supposed to be packing I spent
like 15 hours editing what I  I didn't
know that was where this
adventure of chronic
joint, bone, and tendon pain was going to begin. I've been
editing for too many hours and my
fingers are almost numb.
From there, very strange pains began to manifest, it
felt like a concentration
of needles stabbing me and suddenly the next
day my elbow hurt and I could barely
bend it. I have many memories of being
in Tulum also crying, trying to get to sleep, getting bandaged, and
getting a massage. I
even had
magnet therapy where they asked me to
stay completely calm. My knees
felt like they were going to split in
half, so they called it
arthritis. For me, it was like, Ok, it's a
first step to being able to know what to do
about it. As you can see, these types of
diseases are chronic. For
example, many of you already know that I suffer from
Chrome, which I have quite controlled
and well. No, but with stress during the
three-year period, they accentuate it and for her, well,
the same thing happened to her that started to show itself
when she was with the premiere, from
here I send her a big kiss and hope she
takes it very well and that I have good health and
that she recovers and that she is  the best
possible Yesterday on eretics they made a
special video it was an acted video of course
and all the bars of these roas
because it is a video full of roas were
agreed upon they were scripted and they were
agreed upon it was an edited video first it
started with a tiradera with a bifeo
a roast between by Carlitos and gorgo which
by the way bothered Marc and crazy things
someone on Twitter would warn markie
That at the beginning of the video he talks about how
he was kicked out of heretic and they
call him Gorilla
and have you seen that you have liked the
photos
that they already took care of the goals that
you signed a year ago no that then you
throw them out macho
first of all marky responds that they
didn't kick him out that he left he puts another
tweet where he states that it bothers him when they
tell him that they kicked him out when he
really left and finally he leaves us
a gift that says even so it makes me
laugh that a slob calls me a gorilla Well
in this same video the cover and let's say
the Main the claim of the video itself if it's not
a roast between  gemita and grefg in this
roast the truth is that they have thrown
some chicks but in my opinion those of
gemitas were quite mild compared
to the things that greff says to her
in the first place throughout the song
what seems to make clear is that grefg
makes fun of her he even insults her
in one part of the roast and they make clear on
several occasions the position of gemita
that is only famous when she is with
Greg Yes yes good no that there was yes I had
come to record a roast and there is
here a girl that no I don't know who she is
but who you are literally saving
our relationship was harder than
saving your own Twitch channel you know
what this is right this is your
Twitch channel and you know what we are not going
back [ __ ] how annoying that you were
with eBay let's see I understand that you are the
president of porcinas Because you are a
pig
one second one second yes no what is it that I am still
here at Rose it is that I still do not
know who this girl is
can you really tell me who you are Let's see it is an
objective fact that this girl hit the
Boom on her social networks by  having
been with him and that she
is known for having been with him and then when they broke up she immediately lost, let's say, I think she was left with like 300 viewers on Twitch and now she's getting them back because there's the Queens thing but I know how to participate in this in
exchange for a handful of followers
from her it seems to me that she should have
had a little more
self-respect because then she has had
a lot of things to throw at him, I mean
precisely Greg has the Titanic to pull out there
but nevertheless she
only throws nonsense at him that he hasn't
loved her enough that he hasn't known how to get her
back things that let's say you stay
frozen when you listen to her it's like look
girl he hasn't smartened up to get
you back because he hasn't had
any interest in getting you back Well the first thing I
want to say is that it's a true
honor to be here recording this robots
with one of the biggest streamers in
Spain who I admire and from whom I have been
inspired a lot Oh no wait I thought you
were ibai well for not knowing who I
am well that you keep writing to me every
day But hey Congratulations because you
handled the breakup super well What a shame
that you don't take are seriously how did you
take getting strong
reconquering saves my relationship if
getting back with you were this role I would do
this Thanks
talking about Twitch channels How are you
doing that I was going and I am beating
all your records said the slob who
follows all the hot chicks on Twitch
But hey, what do you digress you don't always win
I'm looking forward to seeing you dressed as a pig
the humility thing that would be good for you to
practice a little also puts
the video where the two of them are bordering each other this
famous clip of
Gemita's presentation when Greg
shows the world Who his girlfriend is and
she faces him that no one is going to
kiss him like her or something
completely different to call it
somehow and soft and absurd and
stupid Compared to the things he
was telling her I don't know for me she has
been completely humiliated and she has
allowed herself to be trampled on and humiliated and insulted in
this roast in exchange for a little
visibility because not knowing who I am look look at
this you
have already assumed that no one is going to kiss you
that well in  your [ __ ] life man don't
worry I wasn't looking forward to another whale kiss
either it was a
pleasure granting you this date you
were looking forward to but now I'm leaving
because you'll have to go do your
exciting things like the reading club
no And what are you doing calmly
It's normal for someone who hasn't
picked up a book in their life and hasn't
even read their own I don't understand
Don't worry I'll sign it for you whenever you want
Remember to silence me on
social media because in theory you've already
surpassed me it's given me a little bit of the
creeps watching this video is not happening what do you
think I understand it's agreed upon and it's supposed to be
funny But
anyway I read you and I respect your
opinions okay on another note
Chosas has been giving his opinion on
Auron's departure here probably
nothing is confirmed yet and the
negotiations that he's also
making Chosas among other opinions
would affirm that of course he cannot
accept anything less than seven figures since
in tweets on his own he is already
earning more than 800,000 euros a year
so to make this change in
your life taking into account the
differences between Kick and Twitch
the figure would have to I
personally would say even double I
think eh I said that I was going to have a
talk with them, I was going to have a
talk no no why am I going to leave it's
because I want to test the waters see what they
can offer and see to what extent
I can talk to my colleagues to
see some future movement maybe no I don't
know It depends depends on how
Twitch goes it depends on how the
negotiations go and it depends on what I
feel like as well I have been
sending it to Peña several times the interface
is very similar to Twitch if I
left Today I do not depend on Twitch
because I know that on Twitch I have
enemies chocas what figure would make you doubt
your existence on Twitch apart from
Kick How much does it cost millions several
millions a year for less than that no longer I
mean for less than seven digits I don't even
think about it annually I don't think about it I mean
directly no I mean so that you
get an idea on Twitch that I will earn
well 800,000 a year how much
a company has to pay me to leave or rather
if I earn this much how much does
a company have to pay me to leave 700 800
Well they will have to pay me double the
minimum or triple the minimum minimum for
me to start thinking about it because at the
moment the King platform is Twitch He
was also commenting that he is
completely sure that there is some
worker or worker at Twitch
who doesn't like him, who doesn't
like the chocas and that it complicates
things a bit for him that the treatment he receives sometimes is not normal
with how
important he is in Twitch and that they don't
consider and don't take into account that he
is the only content creator that
comes directly from Twitch that doesn't come
from other platforms or anything like that
And there are people who don't want me to
be on the platform because I am a
person who tells the [ __ ] truth a
company that is not capable of being criticized
does not take criticism well it only
takes criticism well so
what there is is you get along badly with
certain people at Twitch In addition to the fact that on
Twitch you cannot grow that this is another
if you are a streamer and you want to grow
from  then on Twitch you're not going to do it
you have to do it on other platforms
and redirect it to Twitch and right now if
you want to grow what you have to do
is make shorts because shorts are the ones that
go viral the most shorts And tiktok
that's what you have to do and from there
redirect people to Twitch because on
Twitch alone you're not going to grow I'm telling you
now and it's the platform in which I have
forged myself unlike everyone else
because I'm the only one who is not a
youtuber everyone is a youtuber
and I Juan everyone is youtubers they are youtubers
who have come to Twitch No,
I'm pure Twitch another thing is that I do
n't like several people who
manage the platform at a
Spanish-speaking level because they don't respect me and
because they have ignored me in their day
and it's not true either but I was famous there
[ __ ] I'm the only one who wasn't famous
before starting here and when people
start mentioning eye Bye in
particular there is a user who mentions
ibai el choca Well then he takes a
look at this user him and  your mother you
already know the explosions of the choca
after having changed you are wrong
with you are not wrong because you go
my friend I
have to explain everything to you but that's not where it
started today useless there his career
as a streamer began because before a week
[ __ ] or you are an idiot you are an [ __ ]
when you count ibai's career
you will tell it when he dedicated himself full timer no
Or when he streamed every Friday to watch
narrating marble games [ __ ]
[ __ ] when you start the career
I ask Hello Are you going to count when I
estimated once every 15 days are you an
idiot or what Answer me useless It's that
really not Answer me useless when you
count ibai's career When
the career began I watched competitive in
season 2 and that's three idiot when
you were in your [ __ ]
mother's belly and I started watching the lvp for ibai
because he was the only caster that I
liked the [ __ ] mouth go useless says he doesn't
even know where the idiot is it is
incredible really and good family for
here we leave the video for today
this week I have to give you several  I'll
be dropping some bombshells here on
this channel and others on my
secondary channel Javi el canijo I invite you
all to subscribe to both
channels Congratulations to whoever
got the video game here on the
screen I'll be leaving you how you have to
redeem it in case you're one-handed and do
n't know if you've reached this point in the
video it's mandatory but
mandatory I'll fine you if you don't have to
give it a like you have to give the
video a like so that I can continue creating this type
of content and this program see you
tomorrow family A hug
[Music]